README.md, before:

# T-Rex 64
A Commodore 64 version of offline mode jumping dinosaur single button game ;-) Work in progress...

[![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)
[![CircleCI](https://circleci.com/gh/maciejmalecki/trex64/tree/master.svg?style=svg)](https://circleci.com/gh/maciejmalecki/trex64/tree/master)
[![CircleCI](https://circleci.com/gh/maciejmalecki/trex64/tree/develop.svg?style=svg)](https://circleci.com/gh/maciejmalecki/trex64/tree/develop)

Visit our website: https://maciejmalecki.github.io/trex64/

## How to run it
Download `rex.prg` file from https://github.com/maciejmalecki/trex64/releases (look for assets section).

You need a Commodore 64 emulator such as Vice (see: https://vice-emu.sourceforge.io/) or, preferably, a real machine.

Run prg file with Vice:
```bash
x64 rex.prg
```

If you decided to build T-Rex 64 from sources, go into `src` directory and find `rex.prg` file there.

## How to play
There are currently a few options on title screen.

By pressing F1 you can toggle control methods: for Joystick port 2 up and fire are used for jumping. 
For keyboard use Space key for jumping.

Use F3 for either music or SFX option.

Use F5 for starting level selection.

Hit F7 to start the game.

Goals of the game: you control running dino. 
The dino must jump over obstacles (cactuses) otherwise he will die. 
Run as far as you can.

## How to build
All you need to build it is to have Java (JDK) version 11 or higher. Clone the repository, enter it and then run following command:
```bash
gradlew build
```
for Windows systems or
```bash
./gradlew build
```
for Unix-like systems.

## Tools

* Charpad
* Spritepad
* Goat Tracker
* Kick Assembler
* [Gradle Retro Assembler Plugin](https://c64lib.github.io/gradle-retro-assembler-plugin/)

Commit message:

T-Rex 64 Preview Official (#78)
* improved gfx lvl 1-3

* credits improved

* update screenshots

* levels 1-4, 1-5 intial

* level 1-5 extended to max

* work on credits

* support full 256 charset

* lev 4 5 gfx

* gfx for 1-4

* level 1-4

* level 1-4

* l 1-4

* level 1-4, 1-5 gfx

* gradle plugin 1.2.0

* game slow down problem fixed (IRQ arrangement)

* enemies for 1-4

* title music improved

* dino duck improved; unnecessary files removed

* unused files removed

* clean up sprites; move from spritemate into spritepad

* added animations, colors adjusted

* max level in level rotation

* irq layout improved to reduce slow-downs

* duck animation improved

* doc update

* fix score counting

* impr sound

* clean up music

* remove unused code

* License

* Level 1-4

* licence

* License

* Remove redundant instruments

* #59 fixing random jumping on a first death (lack of proper initialization)

* Added screens from 1-4

* Game slowdowns fixed

* level 1-4

* level 1-4

* level 1-4

* level 1-4

* level 1-5

* level 1-5

* level 1-5

* level 1-5 gfx and sprites

* Music

* Fixed music

Co-authored-by: Zuzanna Malecka <zumalecka@gmail.com>

README.md, after:

# T-Rex 64
A Commodore 64 version of offline mode jumping dinosaur single button game ;-) Work in progress...

[![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)
[![CircleCI](https://circleci.com/gh/maciejmalecki/trex64/tree/master.svg?style=shield)](https://circleci.com/gh/maciejmalecki/trex64/tree/master)
[![CircleCI](https://circleci.com/gh/maciejmalecki/trex64/tree/develop.svg?style=shield)](https://circleci.com/gh/maciejmalecki/trex64/tree/develop)

Visit the website: https://maciejmalecki.github.io/trex64/

## How to run it
Download `rex.prg` or `rex.d64` file from the website mentioned above or from [GitHub](https://github.com/maciejmalecki/trex64/releases) (look for assets section).

You need a Commodore 64 emulator such as [Vice](https://vice-emu.sourceforge.io/) or, preferably, a real machine.

Run prg file with Vice:
```bash
x64 rex.prg
```

If you want to build T-Rex 64 from sources, go into `src` directory and find `rex.prg` file there.

## How to build
All you need to build it is to have Java (JDK) version 11 or higher. Clone the repository, enter it and then run following command:
```bash
gradlew build
```
for Windows systems or
```bash
./gradlew build
```
for Unix-like systems.

## Tools

The following tools are used to develop T-Rex 64. 
Some of them are needed to work with certain source files. 
The build system itself including Kick Assembler requires Java version 11 or newer.

* [Charpad](https://subchristsoftware.itch.io/charpad-pro)
* [Spritepad](https://subchristsoftware.itch.io/spritepad-pro)
* [Goat Tracker](https://sourceforge.net/projects/goattracker2/)
* [Kick Assembler](http://theweb.dk/KickAssembler/Main.html#frontpage)
* [C64 Debugger](https://sourceforge.net/projects/c64-debugger/)
* [Gradle Retro Assembler Plugin](https://c64lib.github.io/gradle-retro-assembler-plugin/)
